Lesson 1: Review of Algebra 1
Review basic algebra concepts like solving equations and graphing lines.
Lesson 2: Quadratic Equations
 Learn how to graph and solve quadratic equations and identify their parts.
Lesson 3: Factoring 
Practice different factoring methods to simplify and solve equations.
Lesson 4: Complex Numbers
 Understand imaginary numbers and how to add, subtract, and multiply them.
Lesson 5: Polynomials
 Learn how to perform operations on polynomials and find their zeros.
Lesson 6: Rational Expressions
 Simplify and solve equations that have fractions with variables.
Lesson 7: Exponents and Exponential Functions
Study the rules of exponents and exponential growth or decay.
Lesson 8: Logarithms
Learn what logarithms are and how to use them to solve equations.
Lesson 9: Systems of Equations
Solve systems of linear and nonlinear equations using different methods.
Lesson 10: Sequences and Series
Explore arithmetic and geometric patterns and find their sums.
Lesson 11: Radical Expressions
Simplify and solve equations involving square roots and other radicals.
Lesson 12: Unit Review

Algebra 1:
Lesson 1: Variable
We can like teach then about variables and stuff and the exercises will be like to find the variable in the equation
Lesson 2: Solving the Basic Stuff
Like solving one step equations and the exercises would be to actually solve them
Lesson 3: * and / equations
We teach them how to solve multiplication and division equations and the exercise would be solving them and seeing their understanding
Lesson 4: Combining Like terms
simplifying the equations and the exercises would be a few equations and then a multiple choice
Lesson 5: Inequalities
We teach them what are inequalities and the exercise would be multiple choice and they like pick out which one is the inequality
Lesson 6: Graphing Inequalities
We show them how to graph inequalities and the exercise would be to graph inequalities and find which one is a correctly graphed inequality
Lesson 7: Multistep inequalities
we show them how to solve multistep inequalities and the exercise would be to solve them and a question to test their understanding
Lesson 8: Compound Inequalities
We teach them conjunction and disjunction or something and they have to find out which one is which and we can have some problems where they solve it
Lesson 9: Absolute Value
We teach them what absolute value is and they have to describe it and a multichoice problem to pick which one is absolute value
Lesson 10: Absolute Value Equations
review what equations were and teach them how to solve and they have multiple choice questions and they solve equations
Lesson 11: Absolute Value Inequalities
We teach them how to solve and the exercises would be to solve and a question that checks their understanding
Review:
We do a minitest mode and we grade them at the end
